Hi, Mystery Recapped here. Today I’m going
to explain a South Korean space Western film
called “Space Sweepers,” Spoilers
ahead! Watch out and take care!
In the year 2098, the fading of sunlight
and acidic soil has caused all the plants to
disappear. The earth has run out of fertile land,
forests have vanished, and deserts are widespread.
In such conditions, the end of humanity seemed
near. But a company called the UTS Corporation
came to mankind’s aid and built a new orbiting
home for humanity that mimics natural processes
on Earth. It is a mass of land, a little far
away from earth, that orbits with it.
However, the UTS was not competent enough to
build a home that can accommodate everyone
from the earth. Only a chosen few who have
enough money to pay for the UTS services
can ascend to the new orbiting
home to become the UTS citizens,
while 95% of the human population remains on the
dying earth. In addition, some humans called the
space sweepers live on several less developed
constellation colonies called the orbits. Space
sweepers put their lives in danger to collect
unwanted trash from space, like abandoned
satellites and space vehicles. They sell such
debris to the UTS warehouse for their living.
The CEO of UTS, James Sullivan, claims that
he cares about the people on the earth but
cannot do anything about it. He is also
planning to create a civilization on Mars,
making it the new earth.
At the beginning of the movie,
a space sweeper named Kim Taeho arrives at the
UTS lost and found warehouse where things and
people who have been found in orbit are kept. He
is there to have a look at a seven-year-old girl
who was recently found dead. After paying with
his magnetic shoes, he gets to see the girl, but
he is disheartened to see she isn’t the one he is
looking for. Taeho then ascends back to space and
to his orbit ship called the victory. Taeho’s crew
consists of a former drug dealer named Tiger Park,
an android called Bubs, and is led by captain
Jang. The crew get on the ship Victory and fly
to intercept an abandoned spaceship that had
been floating in space. The victory is late,
as they see other space sweepers competing
to claim the ship as their own. But,
under the captainship of Jang, they impressively
manage to get their hands on the spaceship.
The crew brings the ship to a waste management
factory only to find that the damage they had
caused while capturing it is more expensive than
the ship itself. The crew plans to fix the damage
themselves to get the money, but while they are
at it, they discover something strange inside.
The spacecraft has a living little girl in a
spacesuit. The shocked crew, get her out and
bring her with them to their ship. They plan
to get an award from the girl’s parents for
bringing her back. As they deliberate on the
plan, the news shows the picture of the girl.
It says that the girl is an android named Dorothy
who has a weapon of mass destruction inside her
created by the terrorist group Black Fox. Hearing
that the girl is dangerous, the group gets away
from her while planning about getting rid of her.
Taeho sees several missed calls from a man named
Hyun-Woo Kang on Dorothy’s phone. He recognizes
the man as a UTS employee and a doctor.
Taeho calls Kang and demands two million dollars
to give Dorothy back to him. Kang accepts the
deal, which makes the group jump in happiness.
They decide to meet in the 32 commercial district.
However, both the groups are unaware of the CEO
James listening to their conversation from afar.
James wants the little girl Dorothy for himself
because, according to him, only she can help him
execute his plan to colonize Mars. James then
sends off his men to get the girl. Meanwhile,
Taeho and the crew meet doctor Kang to hand him
the girl only to find out that she is missing.
The little girl somehow ends up in a club where
everyone recognizes her and starts to panic.
They run away from the girl in fear as
she stays still on the dance floor.
Just then, Doctor Kang finds her and runs
to get the girl but is dragged away by the
panicking crowd. The space guards sent by James
are also there. They fire at Taeho, but Dorothy,
with her supernatural powers, creates a shield
to protect him. The crew somehow escapes with
Dorothy on their ship. Now, everyone is at a
loss for what they should do with the girl.
Tiger begins to open up to the girl,
playing with her to keep her occupied.
At the same time, Captain Jang sees a
drawing of her that Dorothy had made.
The crew starts to feel affectionate towards her
as time goes by. The following day, captain Jang
notices that a tomato plant has grown in their
ship, which they had failed to take care of.
Later, the android Bubs tells Dorothy about the
crew’s past. It turns out that all of the crew
members once used to be wealthy and good people.
Taeho was a Commander of the Space Guards and the
first-ever UTS Genius. He worked closely with
CEO James back then. In one of his missions,
he found a human baby that he was supposed to send
back to the earth. But Taeho chose to take care of
the little girl instead. He named the girl Suni
and treated her as his own child. After being her
dad, Taeho could not kill people anymore, so James
labeled him useless and threw him out of the UTS.
Taeho was demoted to a slum orbit colony where
he stayed without a home for a year. One day,
the orbit was hit by space debris, and during
the chaos, he got separated from his daughter.
Since then, he has been trying to accumulate
money to conduct a search party for her.
Later, they get a call from a person who wants to
take Dorothy for a lot of money. Taeho prepares to
hand her to them, but Tiger is worried about
what the people will do to the little girl.
Taeho reminds him that he needs to look for
his daughter Suni at any cost. As they talk,
someone kidnaps Dorothy from the
bathroom. The crew soon realizes
and chases the abductor. They get the little
girl and defeat the abductor and his group.
When the team reveals the abductor’s face, they
are surprised to see that he is Karum, the manager
of the garbage disposal facility they sell the
space debris to. Captain Jang interrogates the
abductors and finds out that Dorothy is
actually a human and not an android.
She was born with congenital disease
and couldn’t move. So, her father,
doctor Kang injected her with nanobots found in
space debris as a last resort to save her life.
The nanobots not only saved Dorothy but also
gave her unique powers. She could communicate
with other nanobots and heal and protect things;
like, the tomato plant that had grown in the ship.
James found this and used little Dorothy to turn
Mars into a healthy, green planet. But, now, since
her job for him is done, he wants to kill her. He
knows that Dorothy has powers to heal the earth
and make it fertile, but if she does that, humans
won’t need him, and UTS would be out of power.
So to end the problem as a whole, James created a
hydrogen bomb and labeled Dorothy to be dangerous.
He plans to explode the bomb that will kill all
humans on the earth, making Mars the only viable
option for all other humans. The crew finds out
that Karum and his friends are called black Fox.
They are an environmentalist group, but James
has mislabeled them as terrorists and plans
to blame the hydrogen bomb attack on earth on
them. The group is surprised at the revelation.
As they process the information, space guards sent
by James arrive in their orbit. The crew narrowly
manages to escape the orbit in their ship but are
pursued by the soldiers. While trying to flee,
they enter a danger zone filled with millions of
nanobots. Dorothy uses her power to communicate
with the nanobots and saves the ship from
malfunctioning. However, she falls unconscious
right after. Tiger performs CPR on the little girl
and finally manages to bring her back. Everyone in
the crew sighs in relief and laughs with her.
They communicate with the black fox group and plan
to reunite Dorthy with her father, doctor Kang.
The two ships meet, and the little girl finally
gets to meet her father. Everyone is delighted to
see them hug. But the happiness doesn’t last long
when suddenly, they are attacked by the space
guards. They barge in and kill Kang and all
of the Black Fox group. James is there too, he
hands Taeho and the crew four million dollars
for keeping the girl safe and leave with
Dorothy. James also orders his soldiers to
keep an eye on the victory ship and the crew.
After everyone is gone, Tiger tells the crew that
they will have to rescue Dorothy, but Taeho wants
to take the money to save his own daughter. They
get into a fight which ends after captain Jang
asks Taeho to continue with saving his daughter,
but the other crew will be on a mission to save
Dorothy. The crew prepares for their missions
as Taeho reminisces about Suni. To the crew’s
delight, he decides to join them to save Dorothy.
All of them take their respective positions,
ready for the mission. With all their skills, they
manage to keep up with the space guards who fire
at them repeatedly. The Victory manages to get
away from the guards and finally reaches the place
where Dorothy is located. They discover the little
girl scared and tied to a chair with the hydrogen
bomb. Captain Jang figures out that the bomb can
destroy everything within the 5000 kilometers
radius. They have to fly away as soon as they can,
but the group feels responsible for the bomb that
is about to kill billions of people on earth.
They cannot leave when they have a chance to
save so many lives. So, the crew contacts all
their fellow space sweepers and asks for their
help to escape the space guards who are waiting
for them outside. With their help, they manage
to get away from the facility and fly far away.
The space sweepers and Guards get into a battle,
but the guards are soon defeated. Only one guard
ship remains, which is piloted by James himself.
Captain Jang figures out a way to broadcast all of
James’s doings to the whole world. Now, everyone
knows about his plan to destroy the earth.
The Victory finally reaches 5000 kilometers away
from the earth. Just then, James’s ship latches
itself onto the Victory. He expects to see Dorothy
inside but instead is surprised to come across
the hydrogen bomb. It turns out that the crew
had put the hydrogen bomb into their own ship
and sent Dorothy off with the other space sweepers
before fleeing. They have decided to sacrifice
their own life and take the bomb away from the
earth. Now, finally, the bomb explodes, taking
James and the whole of the ship Victory with
it but ensuring that everyone else is safe.
As the dust from the explosion settles, we see
the victory ship had been protected by nanobots,
thanks to Dorothy. All the crew members are happy
and grateful to the little girl. After some time,
we see that the android Bubs has changed her
appearance to look like a human, the world has
started to heal, and fertile lands are coming
back with the help of Dorothy’s powers. Dorothy
also helps Taeho reunite with his daughter Suni
using her abilities. The group returns to their
job as space sweepers, now with an upgraded ship,
more money, and Dorothy added to their team.
Subscribe for more videos like
this, turn on notifications,
and leave a like to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching.